[docs] Add job ad (#27784)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/company/careers/careers.md

#### [React Engineer](/company/react-engineer/)

You will support the advanced components team, build new ambitious complex features, work on strategic problems, and help grow the adoption of the free open-source tier (freemium/open-core business model).

### Product

#### [Technical Product Manager](/company/technical-product-manager/)

You will define and maintain the product roadmap for the advanced components, identify opportunities, define specs, and work with engineers to execute on the features.

> Experience as an engineer is essential for this role. You might need to work part-time developing too in the beginning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experience as an engineer is essential for this role, as you will also contribute to development work in the beginning.
```

#### [Product Manager](/company/product-manager/)

> You will initiate the product exploration of a bold new product vertical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will initiate the exploration of a bold new product vertical.
```

> We are looking for an experienced and ambitious product manager that is ready to work in an entrepreneurial environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are looking for an experienced and ambitious product manager who is ready to work in an entrepreneurial environment.
```
